honourable senators , what happened here , last Tuesday ? 
a selection committee was achievement of . 
yesterday I attended on the first meeting of the committee . 
and I expected the committee which is known rise too what to do with the Senate independent . 
i am concerned that the time to not so . 
the committee can show some selection impact . 
on the work that undertaking a senator in the next two years . 
it is important to committee , as a , supposedly , these new committee to determine what senators sit some senators . 
i am therefore presented to the sitting of the committee to yesterday to see that one of the new Senate was indeed . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable name senators who , I do . 
you can see what I am that kind , did he not ? 
the Senate will have their own research to find that had been fault . 
when one accepts an the work to do it , . 
the women who sit in the Senate have proven . 
they have their much more remplissaient that the majority of the men in the Senate . 
i remember as the hold by the committee to the required of veterans in February 1998 . 
Ni the Senate or the House of Commons do here at that stage . 
three senators they sat in the proceedings of the committee , all of women . 
the leadership of the Senate could not find a man to the committee . 
i could cite word , to say , the hon. senator Carstairs took answer the question I asked that . 
i asked him : " Quels were the criteria are as follows ? " 
it was that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report . 
they were prepared to that the parliamentary associations in 1993 . 
shall delegations formées at the time of men only were . 
in this regard , I on the senator was Finestone replaced by for a number of years . 
however , I want the opportunity to look back my association preferred . 
honourable senators , I do not know when the House or how will be decision on these two reports . 
the Senate that each on television verdict is . 
or wondered by a group of students or other journalists in . 
that if we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , it should be translated in fact . 
i do not think of the option . 
if a senator accept this position in a committee , he or she should participate in any meetings intended . 
we are not the members which we say in the corridors : 
" Présentez do you today to committee and two years of education and , there is a question final in committee '' . 
they do not even know what they are viewed , but when they stand their leaders out stand to them . 
they do not know no what happened . 
honourable senators , the words " continuité " and " is the dedication way '' in our speech . 
in the next two weeks , starting to consider the way we will address the Senate independent . 
if we do not , I do that in my own committee créerai parliamentarians who are concerned about the world affairs . 
we are no one can undermine . 
the Honour the Speaker : 
if any other hon. Senator are wishes to speak , you honourable , is it the pleasure senators , to adopt the motion ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motion agreed to , the report agreed to ) 
